docs(badge, tab-bar): add playground to show usage of badges in tab-bar (#4045)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: docs/api/badge.md

<Basic />

> ## Inside Tab Bar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Badges in Tab Buttons
```

Can we follow the naming convention used here: https://ionicframework.com/docs/api/segment#segments-in-toolbars

Alternatively: "Badges in Tab Bars" or "Badges in Tabs"

> Badges can be added to a tab button, commonly used to indicate notifications or additional items linked to the element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Badges can be added inside a tab button, often used to indicate notifications or highlight additional items associated with the element.
```
